the world is not all joy and color is
a place is terrible and as hard as
Be able to kneel down and blows
have you permanently submitted if you do not
it prevents you or me or anyone from hitting
stronger than life but it does not matter
how strong it hits but how strong it
they can hit you and you hold it while
you advance you have to endure stop killing
this is how you earn
unused is what Welsh bale gets
what you deserve will have to endure in
the blows and you can not be saying
that you're not where I wanted to go
the fault of her and of nobody that do
the cowards and you are not
we story is another story more
carlos lima lama and that the hurricane arrives
since the age of 14, the hurricane trains
in the street in the groove the neighborhood does not give
truce no one puts you brake nobody
puts an end to kickboxing limalama in the
ring raised in hospitals sticks me
Paste time goes by and you know that with
Carlos can not be his beginnings were in
the drawer and it became a poison it
will invest in felipe his teacher taught him
the art moves and that an assault and
can knock down being scared towards the rival
and respect in their eyes hooks and kicks
are united at will is the hurricane of
land be as katrina plan depends on
rhythm is ambitious neighbor of the
corners made it stronger today in
master day that does not fear death
Dangerous hands are sold as boa
an artist in the centuries as rocky
balboa nerves steel single goal
Let it be the shield that kisses the canvas
but watch your manners for not finishing
now serious teacher and teach all
to be
the cell phone
lima lama in the guided ring do not ask
Milk sticks I beat you the time passes and
They know that Carlos does not play his
beginnings were in the drawer and it
turned into a poison without vaccine Juan
felipe sum